Cleared Rules example (#79)
actualbudget/docs: docs/Budgeting/rules/rules-custom.md

**A:**  Set a **Pre** rule to check for an empty account field. When entering a transaction in the "All Accounts" ledger or from the ledger of a Category listing, your preferred default account will be auto filled.

![](/img/custom-rules-1.png)

> **Q:  I have accounts that a can be considered to clear at the moment of purchase.  How can I automatically clear accounts like Cash or Venmo?**

Reviewer: Slight wording tweak suggestion:

```suggestion
**Q:  I have accounts (like cash or Venmo) that instantly “clear” at the moment of purchase. How can I automate toggling the relevant checkbox on?**
```

(feel free to iterate more on the wording if you want to, this is just a suggestion)
